---
published: false
---
## Footnotes

My alarm clock goes off every morning and auto-plays a 5-minute recap of the news from the previous day. It used to be a great way to start my morning. I would learn about what went on the previous day in the US, hear a quick soundbite from some politician, maybe learn something new. Not a bad way to start off my morning. Unfortunately, I've had to remove the recaps from my morning routine. Why? Because lately, the first numbers I would hear in the morning were body counts. 

I've come to learn that staying informed about the world is an absolute necessity for being a responsible member of society. But nowadays, it's so easy to become so wrapped up in the goings-on that you forget about everything else. There is a part of my life that exists completely independently of what is going on outside of my apartment, and I keep forgetting about those parts. They can be easy to forget since they really don't hold much universal significance. But those small little footnotes in my day are the best parts.

* Ending my workday by looking out the window while brewing my coffee. The weather has been getting wonderful and the sun is setting later. Drawing the blinds and getting to see the city while there's still things to see is like opening a picture book. I picked up a bag of beans from Trader Joe's that are suprisingly wonderful. The smell never gets old. The pourover techniqe I switched to recently highlights the gorgeous, intense red of freshly brewed coffee. I swear, it's a color I never see anywhere else.

* Talking to my mother about food we have been cooking. I never really took a big interest in cooking unitl after graduating. I've been missing out. But the fact that I learned mostly independently from my mom has lead to some pretty interesting conversations. I've gotten a lot of inspiration from videos and articles I've found online. My mother learned mostly through her family in India. As a result, talking about cooking can be pretty enlightening for us both. Even after all these years, we can still learn something new about food.

* Finding a new album from some random artist I've never heard of and absolutely falling in love. The streaming revolution may not have been the greatest thing for the music industry, but I can really appreciate it when I play an album on a casual recommendation and instantly connect with it. There are so many beautiful sounds, inventive melodies, and gorgeous arrangements being produced every week, and hearing those gems for the first time is such a gratifying experience.

* Reading my father's blog. My dad is so many things, and this blog manages to capture each and every one of those things. His joyous sense of humor, his unwavering faith in God, his boundless knowledge -- they are all on display. I especially love the way he shares these nostalgic memories of his past with such ease. It can be really difficult putting a memory into words, but I love the way Dad is able to do it. I also love the fact that he is using a blogspot page that he started back in 2007. Very on-brand for dad.

These are a few things that I do a handful of times a week that I really, really enjoy. They are times that I can put all my worries aside for a time and just really focus on the things that make me happy. I probably won't remember doing them, but I will remember how they made me feel. They've given me comfort in this time that I've needed it most, and that is a beautiful thing.